---
title: about this forest
---
Isn’t it funny how after many eons of rabbit holes I have covered within the past how ever many months where I delved into new software after the next—becoming quite the **“tech guy”** herself—I somehow am now shamefully crawling back to Obsidian? There’s just simply nothing that this app _**can’t**_ do, huh? LOL. 

Anyways, I’m here now writing this [[about]] page because I’ve got a lot of recovering to do—one that requires me to be attentive towards certain things. I think the only way I could ever give myself the chance to get better is to openly accept the fact that I’ve been haunted by these same demons every waking day. Even more importantly, a huge stepping stone for me requires not only seeing these demons for what they are but also acknowledging the fact that I am my own culprit for letting these things in, for feeding into their ego, and allowing them to grow into figures as heartbreakingly influential as they are today. 

At the same time, something of equivocal value, if not greater, is the act of being kind to myself through this process. I mean, if I’m honest with myself… this is not a new battle. This is something I’ve been “viciously working” to fix for quite some time now. Up until this point, I’ve experienced a lot of frustration and if I’m actually taking a moment to be true to myself here, the frustrations following the failures feel almost like… self-manipulation? Girl, I’m over here **man-splaining and gaslighting myself!** No wonder these cycles end in nothing but misery, lmao. 

Anyways, what I mean when I say that is this: I know that what I’m trying to overcome is difficult. And if any other living soul on this earth was explaining to me the feelings that I feel now, I would have nothing but sorrow in my heart for this person. I’d be sad knowing that he/she is currently having to endure this type of inner conflict, one that starts immediately from the moment of waking and lingers over your shoulders all day until you set your head down in bed to *(hopefully)* get some rest. Even then, sometimes it’ll follow into your dreams, waking you up in the middle of the night. I’d hope that recovery comes soon for this person currently vocalizing their troubles to me. The last thing that would cross my mind is judgment. I would never echo the hurtful things I tell myself to this person. This inconsistency in thought processes doesn’t make sense—the logic in my current design is flawed, which is okay. That’s why I’m here writing this very bit now. 